yeah this is recap rep what a clarify
this whole cockamamie x-men movie
timeline for y'all ready for this
here we go it's 45 or a tiny in peanuts
are both in and dubstep steady in the
gun starts fighting in the Civil War
raged on his brothers tonight there is
alcohol water on the bond lines of World
War two the young child uh counter with
Young Harris oh gosh so much drama and
boys they take it together and become
deadly because you buy the fruits I do
yellow suits working with the government
to find and take a [ __ ] human spices
air paralyzes Charles in a chair air
agrees that Rises Vietnam War for the
next upgrade target in Tuscany CG I
thought a free no forget she's dead
white three mile mile delivery wipe
alright so is the third segment online
get the [ __ ] on it is gun now we're
gonna push ahead to the movie that
started it all with us Julio Simon Cruz
tight new leathers in trooper they get
to be the Brotherhood crew you'll be
down the towers way beyond comprehension
but no one is stronger than the sexual
tension through my current possibly son
the x-men and Brotherhood get a
one-for-one
I qualify standard Rumson applauded
clearly it's analogous we're coming out
the closet last hand these losses are
[ __ ] Golden Gate Bridge on the sugar no
bid
everybody dies or asserted their
abilities box beneath on a ham that's 37
years later Logan can't seem to let it
go relocate to Tokyo rosy-cheeked
America hundreds of with Yukio like some
samurai don't sing read ah no wait
that's another guy
oh my now is apprentice but whole body
another fun business by the time God
gets crazy here we go skip ahead to bear
on the quick this abuser is dystopian
you'll be apocalyptic the only home
computer sending love into the past to
prevent the homicide of turian track
both of on Joey just Ross dedicated
phase 70 talk to the Tomo ready break
who is everything to raise thanks tiny
one is [ __ ]
[ __ ] act to the new 83 apocalypse
awakens and watch TV nine colors dialog
barely seen at all then Tommy goes danik
man Charles goes all well there you have
it from beginning to end
Charles and Erik still remain best
friends out of Asturias remember just
one call Quicksilver if you want your
gun that was the complete number week
online y'all but this is recap that got
us all the college but you want to see
next my talk of the screwed up our
timeline and run what's up guys thanks
for watching you liked it when I check
out either these other two dope videos
but be sure hit that subscribe button to
stay up to date on all the latest works
on content coming at you every Tuesday
and Thursday
all right time for me to make my grand
exit ex get it ex what so now